readme.md, before:

# Strimzi on OpenShift Local

Install and configure OpenShift Local: <https://developers.redhat.com/products/openshift-local/overview>

> Note: Requires a Red Hat account to be able to download and get an image pull key

> Note 2: If running on Windows, requires that you install all Hyper-V features in Windows including "Hyper-V Management Services"

> Note 3: If you are using WSL with `wsl-vpnkit` then there is a conflict with port 2222; you need to fix `wsl-vpnkit` to use a different port before you can run OpenShift Local.

```sh
crc setup
# start crc with extra cpu, memory, and disk
crc start -c 8 -m 18000 -d 120
```

> Note 4: You can use the Hyper-V Manager tool in Windows to monitor resources of the `crc` virtual machine.

1. Install the following operators from OperatorHub (it might take a bit before OperatorHub is fully functioning, and for the list to download; just wait a few minutes!):
    - cert-manager
    - Strimzi
    - Apicurio Registry Operator

2. Create a namespace e.g. `kafka` to hold the Kafka services which will be used by other namespaces

3. Within the `kafka` namespace, add the following (see files in the repo):
    1. `kafka-single-replica.yaml` (Kafka cluster)
    2. `connect.yaml` (Connect user + cluster)
    3. `apicurio-registry.yaml` (Apicurio Registry); access the registry's GUI via <http://apicurio-registry.kafka.router-default.apps-crc.testing/>, API Docs via <http://apicurio-registry.kafka.router-default.apps-crc.testing/apis>
    4. `kafka-ui.yaml` (Kafka-UI, see <https://github.com/provectus/kafka-ui>); access the GUI via <http://kafka-ui-kafka.apps-crc.testing/>

4. Test different connectors using the files `sample-connector-*.yaml` to see how it works to use Apicurio Registry with connect either via the Apicurio AvroConverter or using the Confluent AvroConverter via Apicurio's Confluent-compatible Schema Registry API endpoint

5. (optional) Add additional CA certs to the `openshift-config/registry-certs` ConfigMap if you want to pull images from other image repositories (see `user-ca-bundle.yaml` for example that works with Karolinska's Artifactory)

6. (optional) Add additional hosts/tokens to the the secret `openshift-config/pull-secret` (manually create a new Image pull secret using the OpenShift GUI for an example you can just copy/paste)

Commit message:

Added note for issues binding port 6443

readme.md, after:

# Strimzi on OpenShift Local

Install and configure OpenShift Local: <https://developers.redhat.com/products/openshift-local/overview>

> Note: Requires a Red Hat account to be able to download and get an image pull key

> Note 2: If running on Windows, requires that you install all Hyper-V features in Windows including "Hyper-V Management Services"

> Note 3: If you are using WSL with `wsl-vpnkit` then there is a conflict with port 2222; you need to fix `wsl-vpnkit` to use a different port before you can run OpenShift Local.

```sh
crc setup
# start crc with extra cpu, memory, and disk
crc start -c 8 -m 18000 -d 120
```

> Note 4: You can use the Hyper-V Manager tool in Windows to monitor resources of the `crc` virtual machine.

> Note 5: If you get an error when port 6443 is trying to be bound then you need to figure out what is listening on your port 6443 first and try to kill it (`netstat -ano | findstr 6443` and then find what is running with the given PID). In my case I needed to stop the Windows service `IP Helper` because it was taking that port.

1. Install the following operators from OperatorHub (it might take a bit before OperatorHub is fully functioning, and for the list to download; just wait a few minutes!):
    - cert-manager
    - Strimzi
    - Apicurio Registry Operator

2. Create a namespace e.g. `kafka` to hold the Kafka services which will be used by other namespaces

3. Within the `kafka` namespace, add the following (see files in the repo):
    1. `kafka-single-replica.yaml` (Kafka cluster)
    2. `connect.yaml` (Connect user + cluster)
    3. `apicurio-registry.yaml` (Apicurio Registry); access the registry's GUI via <http://apicurio-registry.kafka.router-default.apps-crc.testing/>, API Docs via <http://apicurio-registry.kafka.router-default.apps-crc.testing/apis>
    4. `kafka-ui.yaml` (Kafka-UI, see <https://github.com/provectus/kafka-ui>); access the GUI via <http://kafka-ui-kafka.apps-crc.testing/>

4. Test different connectors using the files `sample-connector-*.yaml` to see how it works to use Apicurio Registry with connect either via the Apicurio AvroConverter or using the Confluent AvroConverter via Apicurio's Confluent-compatible Schema Registry API endpoint

5. (optional) Add additional CA certs to the `openshift-config/registry-certs` ConfigMap if you want to pull images from other image repositories (see `user-ca-bundle.yaml` for example that works with Karolinska's Artifactory)

6. (optional) Add additional hosts/tokens to the the secret `openshift-config/pull-secret` (manually create a new Image pull secret using the OpenShift GUI for an example you can just copy/paste)
